Hi guys, in this video I'm going to
create the scenes like this using
photogrammetry
using reality scan and your Android
phone as you can see the good quality of
the scan and the Unreal Engine 5.7.4.
Okay, let's go.
I'm using the the Android phone in this
tutorial because we haven't lidar like
iPhone iOS.
We have to use the simple camera and
application like here from the Epic
Games.
Reality Scan and hit install. Let's
install the application before we move
to the phone. Okay, let's hit start.
Yes.
Okay, as you can see the installation is
finished. Now, let's launch the Reality
Scan from here or from this icon right
there.
Okay, let's launch it.
Yes.
Now, it's running. As you can see
and now how to use this uh
uh program.
There is images or folder right here.
Those those for the iPhone. If you have
lidar scan you can use iPhone.
Uh okay.
If you have some images can choose the
folder right here or you can choose the
image directly. After that
uh hit start only.
Okay, this is the basic use of the how
to use this one. For this this is the
alignment, mesh, and colorize texture
colorize your mesh.
Use as you want.
For this tutorial I'm going to use this
image folder and you have to create the
FBX or object uh
and add to the Unreal Engine
5.7.1.4
After exporting from this program. Okay.
Uh before you go to to this let's go
here. Let's move to the phone and
capture some image. Okay, let's go.
Okay, as you can see now I'm using my
Android phone.
Uh to use this photogrammetry
first of all you have to open the camera
and go here to this uh
uh pro mode and adjust some values for
the
ISO
make the
for the shutter
make the round like this.
For the focus
disable this auto
and adjust some values.
This one.
Okay, I think it's done. Uh for the
capture of
uh the images it's make
we have to capture around 200 to 200
photos.
After that we scan it with the 360°
around the objects. Let's scan all of
those.
300° Okay, let's begin.
Okay, as you can see
and look at this.
300°
Uh okay, fine.
We have finished. Let's return to the PC
right now.
Uh okay, now let's go here to the phone.
Okay, where is my phone?
Okay, PC is fine.
And go here to this theme.
This is my camera. This all of the photo
that's I captured.
And let's see it.
Go here to view.
Details and choose the
the date of today.
Okay, 25. Okay.
Select all of them.
There is 300 photo.
And go right here and create new folder
call B.
After that let's move those photo here.
Okay, now let's close this
and
close the Reality Capture and open it
another time. Where is my Reality
Capture?
Uh okay, now let's go here to workflow.
Alignment
images and mesh. Let's select images.
And go here and import all those images
right there.
Uh okay, now let's hit open.
All my images is here in this place.
Now, what I want to do
I want to go here and click this start
button and hit start. The work is uh
begin.
It's creating virtual reality.
Uh okay, as you can see the work is
finished.
Okay, it's such a little thing on. So,
let's make it like this and
Okay, this is my scan.
Let's uh
1B
I want 3D.
Okay, this is scanning of our This is
our
photos of the camera.
Okay.
Uh what you see in the Unreal Engine is
better than this.
Okay. Let's uh
Okay, as you can see
the photo now it's more clear.
The scanning of the objects
are real as you can see.
Look at this. It's scanning
automatically.
Uh this is the 360°
and this is uh the floor.
Let's scan our our reality.
Okay.
Uh now let's export this one. How to
export it? You have to go
here.
And to this we have to go here to export
and go here to model and
point cloud.
Export.
You can choose as you want object file
FBX. Only I want to choose is FBX file.
Choose it.
And let's choose the folder.
Okay, let's rename the folder Reality
Capture. Reality Capture RC.
Once it this file and hit okay.
Now, it's exporting.
Okay, the work is finished. Now, let's
close this and save.
Choose any folder to save our project
files.
And rename it what we want.
Okay, after that let's open the editor
Unreal Engine.
And create new project. Select third
person as template and hit create.
Okay, fine. The project is open it.
Let's go here to file. Create new level.
Set basic level and create. After
creating this level save current level
as and hit
save.
Delete those arrows.
Now, let's go right here.
Make the Unreal Engine like this.
Open my RC folder.
And choose the FBX file.
Okay. Now, let's create the new folder
Reality Capture.
RC.
All the artists come as you want. Okay,
and
visit here.
No.
It's mixed parameter as you can see.
And it don't work.
It's not working right now.
Okay, let's open my RC folder and let's
wait for the importing as uh was
in this. Okay, as you can see the file
is uh saved. This is the colors and this
is the material.
Okay, let's add my file this.
No part of this gun.
Okay, let's fix everything.
Let's see
our images and let's see what is the
difference between
both files. Okay, where is
Okay, as you can see
it's the same.
Where is it?
It looks good.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
old file.